---
{
    "title": "Core release notes v2.0",
    "description": "This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.0."
}
---

# v2.0

This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.0.

> **Note** VeloDB Core v2.0 was developed based on [Apache Doris v1.1](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v1.1/release-1.1.0/).

## v2.0.15 (January 5, 2023)

New Features

- Supported **rename warehouse**.

Improvements

- Optimized **copy into delete sign**.
- Supported the ability to automatically determine whether the object information is valid when executing **copy into** to create a stage.
- Optimized **partition level tablet balance** .
- Added checking of **cache** configuration parameter types.
- Optimized **tablet sink profile**.
- Improved the permission system.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the problem of misjudgment of **stale request** in **sync_tablet_rowsets**.
- Fixed **load job** leak issue.
- Fixed **partition level balance** bug.

## v2.0.14 (December 14, 2022)

New Features

- Supported the **select** statement to **set cluster** through **hint**.
- Supported retaining several **copy job** for each table.

Improvements

- Optimized the performance of import and write to **s3**.
- After the imported **Segment index** is uploaded to the object storage, it will be entered into the **read cache** in advance.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where the data types of planning and execution did not match when importing **parquet**, causing log import to fail.
- Fixed issue with importing across clusters.

## v2.0.13 (December 2, 2022)

New Features

- Supported the **copy into** statement additional condition **delete on**.
- Supported the **show data** statement to display the data volume of the entire warehouse.

Improvements

- Restored use of **show processlist** statement.
- Improved the speed of recycling dropped stages.
- Improved the speed of **cache** data writing to disk.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue of inconsistent warehouse behavior when executing **drop cluster**.

## v2.0.12 (November 26, 2022)

Improvements

- Supported verifying the validity of object storage information when executing **create stage**.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where the **write cache** may be deleted prematurely.
- Fixed the issue where **cache** might not be hit.
- Fixed the issue where non-colocate table **tablets** could be unevenly distributed.
