---
{
    "title": "Core release notes v2.2",
    "description": "This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.2."
}
---

# v2.2

This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.2.

> **Note** VeloDB Core v2.2 was developed based on [Apache Doris v1.2](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v1.2/release-1.2.0).

## v2.2.34 (June 1, 2023)  

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the problem of import being stuck due to inconsistent object storage size.

## v2.2.33 (May 15, 2023)  

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue that caused inaccessibility after **JDBC URL** or **mysql -D** was used with cluster.

## v2.2.32 (April 27, 2023)

Improvements

- Added **file cache** metrics.

Bug Fixes

- Synchronized several bug fixes of [Apache Doris v1.2.4](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v1.2/release-1.2.4).
- Fixed the problem of **segment file size** being out of order.

## v2.2.31 (April 19, 2023)

New Features

- Supported **dryrun** testing when configuring external resources (HMS, external stage).
- Supported **lightweight schema change** to modify the length of **Varchar** columns.
- Supported the **copy into** import method of split compressed file.

Improvements

- Disabled **routine load**.
- Enhanced data security.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed issues related to querying **top n**.
- Fixed the problem of query failure due to elimination of **file cache**.
- Fixed the issue where importing a large number of **tablets** at a time might fail.
- Fixed the issue of **inverted index** memory instability.
- Fixed the issue where **inverted index** could cause query failure.
- Fixed the issue where the file was overwritten during **copy into**, causing the import to get stuck.
- Fixed the issue of "no backend" caused by renaming a cluster with the same name.

## v2.2.21 (March 23, 2023)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where **cumulative compaction** may not be triggered.
- Fixed the problem that pure computing plan nodes may cross clusters.
- Fixed name inconsistency after executing **rename cluster**.
- Fixed the problem that the **schema change job** cannot fail automatically when executing **drop cluster**.
- Fixed the issue where **base compaction** failed due to **delete predicate**.
- Fixed issue with **create table like**.

## v2.2.20 (February 28, 2023)

Improvements

- Implemented several **cache** optimizations.
- Improved **copy into** import throughput.
- Optimized empty table query performance.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the bug of incorrect data when executing **add inverted index**.
- Fixed the issue where **parquet** import could get stuck.
- Fixed several issues related to data lake analysis in [Apache Doris v1.2.4](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v1.2/release-1.2.4).

## v2.2.1 (February 9, 2023)

New Features

- Supported **external stage** cross-account authorization.

Improvements

- Optimized **copy into** upload speed.
- Optimized **show roles** for cluster and stage permission display.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where the computing node may get stuck.
- Fixed the problem of resource leakage that may be caused by **temp partition**.
- Fixed the issue where **show cluster** cannot be executed except by **admin** user.

## v2.2.0 (January 17, 2023)

New Features

- Supported **inverted index** of **String** type.
- Supported **BKD multidimensional numerical index** of **numeric** and **date** types.
- Supported **inverted index** and **BKD multi-dimensional numerical index** of **array** type.
- Supported **dynamic table** to dynamically modify schema.

Improvements

- Optimized incremental **ADD/DROP INDEX**.
- Optimized **Index searcher cache**.
- Optimized **Top n** query (**ORDER BY c1, c2 LIMIT n**) performance.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the problem of not reading original columns when index filtering.

