---
{
    "title": "Core release notes v2.3",
    "description": "This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.3."
}
---

# v2.3

This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.3.

> **Note** VeloDB Core v2.3 was developed based on [Apache Doris v1.2](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v1.2/release-1.2.0).

## v2.3.11 (October 16, 2023)

Improvements

- Optimized the balance strategy.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the query failure problem caused by **replace tmp partition**.

## v2.3.10 (September 20, 2023)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the problem of time extension in **copy into** import method.

## v2.3.9 (September 11, 2023)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the problem that the **in** operator for **bitmap** type columns caused the query to be unavailable.
- Fixed **decimal calculation accuracy** problem.
- Fixed the bug that when the **alter** statement changes more columns, the key column changes will also go through lightweight schema change.

## v2.3.8 (August 29, 2023)

Improvements

- Optimized the speed of importing and uploading small objects.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the problem of incorrect division accuracy in **decimal v3** in some cases (increased 100 times accuracy).

## v2.3.7 (August 2, 2023)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where incorrect type inference for **decimal v2** calculations resulted in inaccurate precision.
- Fixed the issue where **create catalog** relied on an external driver, causing the warehouse to fail to start.
- Fixed the issue where indexes will be created for all columns when adding **bitmap index** (which may cause data import failure).
- Fixed the issue where the default value of the **copy into** import method does not take effect.

## v2.3.6 (July 25, 2023)

Improvements

- Improved the usability of the import function.
- The round precision behavior of **decimal v2** is supported and is compatible with **decimal v3**.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where queries could get stuck.
- Fixed the problem of access failure that may report 403 when importing error_log.

## v2.3.5 (July 19, 2023)

Improvements

- Reduced the delay when importing small batches of data with partition skew.
- Added the limit configuration of the length of the **audit log insert into** statement, and the default is 4KB truncation.
- Improved remote IO efficiency and accelerated query speed.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where an error would be prompted if the column name in the **delete** statement condition was capitalized.
- Fixed known memory leak issue.
- Fixed the issue where tablet balance could be uneven.
- Fixed the issue where node restart might cause query failure.
- Fixed the problem of **OSS S3 load** error and added **AWS_PROVIDER** attribute.

## v2.3.4 (July 7, 2023)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where queries might become unavailable.

## v2.3.3 (July 3, 2023)

Improvements

- Speeded up node restart speed and improved availability.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed several memory leak issues.

## v2.3.2 (June 27, 2023)

Improvements

- Upgraded the warehouse mariadb client version.
- Reduced the dimension statistics of **file cache** metrics.
- Added indicators for warehouse **Fragment** execution.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where the query is canceled but the hash table is not released during query execution.
- Fixed the bug that **inverted index files** were not recycled after **compaction**.
- Added null check to **sql parser**.
- Fixed the bug that some segments could not be opened after **limit** optimization.

## v2.3.0 (May 16, 2023)

New Features

- Supported MySQL TLS connection (closed by default, enabling it requires separate configuration, and requires mysql client 5.0.38 or above).
- Supported **Prepare stmt**.
- Supported smooth node reduction, reducing query performance jitter during cluster size reduction.
- Supported smooth upgrade and improved the import success rate during version upgrade.

Improvements

- Further improved data security.
- Improved the stability of the **copy into** import method.
- Provideed better account/data isolation mechanism.

Bug Fixes

- Synchronized several bug fixes of [Apache Doris v1.2.4](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v1.2/release-1.2.4).
- Fixed the problem that hard disk space could not be cleared in time.

