---
{
    "title": "Core release notes v2.4",
    "description": "This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.4."
}
---

# v2.4

This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v2.4.

> **Note** VeloDB Core v2.4 was developed based on [Apache Doris v1.2](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v1.2/release-1.2.0).

## v2.4.6 (November 14, 2023)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed several compute node memory leaks.

## v2.4.5 (November 6, 2023)

Improvements

- Optimized the balance strategy.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the query failure problem caused by **replace tmp partition**.
- Fixed the deadlock problem caused by mixing **pthread** and **bthread**.

## v2.4.4 (September 20, 2023)

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from VeloDB Core v2.3.9 and v2.3.10.
- Improved the usability of the import function.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the problem of unresponsive mysql session (requesting **truncate table**, which contains a large number of partitions).

## v2.4.3 (September 11, 2023)

New Features

- Supported suspension of service due to arrears.

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from VeloDB Core v2.3.8.
- Compatible with s3 load endpoint with http string.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the docker environment time zone issue.

## v2.4.2 (August 28, 2023)

New Features

- Supported the **copy into** import method to **set constant values**.

Improvements

- Improved the accuracy of storage information statistics.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where cloud **stream load** might fail.

## v2.4.1 (August 3, 2023)

New Features

- Supported on-demand cluster **auto start** when receiving a request.
- Supported **stream load**.

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from VeloDB Core v2.3.5, v2.3.6 and v2.3.7.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where **inverted index** queries could fail.

## v2.4.0 (July 3, 2023)

New Features

- Supported controlling whether SQL uses cache through **session variable**.
- Supported incremental data synchronization of imported data between clusters.
- Supported **cache data preheating** function based on table cluster.
- Supported querying **cache usage** through SQL.
- Supported on-demand cluster **auto stop** when idle.

Improvements

- Enhanced data security.
- Improved the response speed when the query misses the cache.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where **set default cluster** might fail.
- Fixed the issue where the upgrade process could fail.

