---
{
    "title": "Privacy Policy | Archive - 20231206",
    "description": "Archived VeloDB privacy policy (2023-12-06): details on data collection, usage, cookies, third-party sharing, user rights.",
}
---

# Privacy Policy

**[Latest privacy policy here](https://docs.velodb.io/legal/privacy-policy/velodb-privacy-policy)**

**Last modified on December 6, 2023**



### **Introduction**

VELODB TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD. is registered in Singapore, with a subsidiary registered in the United States, VELODB INC. VELODB TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD. and VELODB INC., collectively known as VeloDB, provide cloud-based real-time data warehouse service to customers.

We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Notice describes the VeloDB’s policies and practices regarding its collection and use of your personal data, and sets forth your privacy rights. We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from time to time update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.

### **How we collect and use (process) your personal information**

VeloDB collects personal information about its website visitors and customers. With a few exceptions, this information is generally limited to:

* name
* job title
* employer name
* work email
* work phone number

We use this information to provide prospects and customers with services.

We do not sell personal information to anyone and only share it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery of our services.

From time to time, VeloDB receives personal information about individuals from third parties. Typically, information collected from third parties will include further details on your employer or industry. We may also collect your personal data from a third party website (e.g. LinkedIn)

### **Use of the VeloDB Website**

As is true of most other websites, VeloDB’s website collects certain information automatically and stores it in log files. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of VeloDB’s website, including a history of the pages you view. We use this information to help us design our site to better suit our users’ needs. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences.

VeloDB has a legitimate interest in understanding how members, customers and potential customers use its website. This assists VeloDB with providing more relevant products and services, with communicating value to our sponsors and corporate members, and with providing appropriate staffing to meet member and customer needs.

### **Cookies and tracking technologies**

VeloDB makes available a comprehensive Cookie Policy that describes the cookies and tracking technologies used on the VeloDB website and provides information on how users can accept or reject them. To view the notice, just click <COOKIE_NOTICE>.

### **Sharing information with third parties**

The personal information VeloDB collects from you is stored in one or more databases hosted by third parties. These third parties do not use or have access to your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage and retrieval. On occasion, VeloDB engages third parties to send information to you, including information about our products, services, and events.

A list of our third party sub processors can be found here: Amazon Web Services, Huawei Cloud, and regional legal organizations.

We do not otherwise reveal your personal data to non-VeloDB persons or businesses for their independent use unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) it’s in connection with VeloDB-hosted and VeloDB co-sponsored conferences as described above; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law (for example, compelled by law enforcement to comply with a search warrant, subpoena, or court order), enforce an agreement we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others; (4) the information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf; (5) to address emergencies or acts of God; or (6) to address disputes, claims, or to persons demonstrating legal authority to act on your behalf. We may also gather aggregated data about our services and website visitors and disclose the results of such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to our partners, service providers, advertisers, and/or other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.

The VeloDB website connects with third party services such as LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to share information from the VeloDB website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a third party service, the aforementioned connections may allow that service to connect your visit to our site to your personal data.

### **Data Subject rights**

The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. Data Subject rights under GDPR include the following:

* Right to be informed
* Right of access
* Right to rectification
* Right to erasure
* Right to restrict processing
* Right of data portability
* Right to object
* Rights related to automated decision making including profiling

This Privacy Notice is intended to provide you with information about what personal data VeloDB collects about you and how it is used.

If you wish to confirm that VeloDB is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data VeloDB may have about you, please contact us.

You may also request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside VeloDB might have received the data from VeloDB; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to VeloDB); and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by VeloDB if it is inaccurate. You may request that VeloDB erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also request that VeloDB cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how VeloDB processes your personal data. When technically feasible, VeloDB will—at your request—provide your personal data to you.

Reasonable access to your personal data will be provided at no cost. If access cannot be provided within a reasonable time frame, VeloDB will provide you with a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, VeloDB will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.

For questions or complaints concerning the processing of your personal data, you can email us at contact@velodb.io. Alternatively, if you are located in the European Union, you can also have recourse to the European Data Protection Supervisor or with your nation’s data protection authority.

### **Data storage and retention**

Your personal data is stored by VeloDB on its servers, and on the servers of the cloud-based database management services VeloDB engages. VeloDB retains service data for the duration of the customer’s business relationship with VeloDB and for a period of time thereafter, to analyze the data for VeloDB’s own operations, and for historical and archiving purposes associated with VeloDB’s services. VeloDB retains prospect data until such time as it no longer has business value and is purged from VeloDB systems. All personal data that VeloDB controls may be deleted upon verified request from Data Subjects or their authorized agents. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact us at: contact@velodb.io.

### **Children’s data**

We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive information from children.

### **Questions, concerns or complaints**

If you have questions, concerns, complaints, or would like to exercise your rights, please contact us at: contact@velodb.io
