---
{
    "title": "Core release notes v4.0",
    "description": "This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v4.0."
}
---

# v4.0

This article describes the release notes for VeloDB Core v4.0.

> **Note** VeloDB Core v4.0 was developed based on [Apache Doris v3.0](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.0) .

## v4.0.9 (December 10, 2025)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed an intermittent NoClassDefFoundError issue occurring in UDFs.
- Fixed incorrect query results when querying Iceberg external tables without partition columns.

## v4.0.8 (October 23, 2025)

Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where job insertion tasks failed when querying the Elasticsearch catalog.
- Fixed a crash caused by malformed JSON paths.

## v4.0.7 (September 15, 2025)

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.8](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.8) .

## v4.0.6 (August 17, 2025)

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.6](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.6) .
- Accelerated the upgrade process from version 3.0.x to 4.0.x.
- Optimized query performance and availability in multi-cluster scenarios and improved system availability.
- Enhanced query performance for TopN statements.

Bug Fixes

- Fixed query performance issues caused by premature cleanup of tablet cache.

## v4.0.5 (May 13, 2025)

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.4](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.4) and [Apache Doris v3.0.5](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.5) .
- Enhanced availability​ by addressing issues of premature data reclamation.
- Optimized CPU utilization for group commit operations.

Bug Fixes

- Resolved core dumps​ during inverted index rebuilding when upgrading from v4.0.4 to v4.0.5.
- Fixed the issue of slow recycler reclaiming txn labels.
- Fixed data correctness issues caused by changes in bucketing column order during schema changes.
- Fixed incorrect results caused by nested casting: cast(cast(datetimev2 as datev2) as datetimev2).
- Fixed potential data loss during concurrent CSV import when multi-character line separators are encountered.
- Fixed stack overflow issues in set intersection functions.

## v4.0.4 (December 06, 2024)

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.3](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.3).

Bug Fixes

- Fixed query performance issues caused by premature cleanup of tablet cache.
- Fixed the issue of excessive small files in file cache.
- Fixed memory leaks in copy into observer operations.

## v4.0.3 (October 11, 2024)

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.2](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.2).
- Supports importing of very large transactions (off by default).

Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where replaying a catalog could cause the backend to start the warehouse to fail.

## v4.0.2 (August 25, 2024)

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.1](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v3.0/release-3.0.1).

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where replaying a catalog may cause the warehouse to fail to resume.

## v4.0.1 (July 9, 2024)

New Features

- Supported VeloDB Core upgrade from [v3.0.x](./v30.md) (x >= 9) to v4.0.x-beta.

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.0 rc11](https://github.com/apache/doris/tree/3.0.0-rc11) (including all the features of [Apache Doris v2.1](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v2.1/release-2.1.0)).
- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v3.0.0 rc09](https://github.com/apache/doris/tree/3.0.0-rc09).

Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue that after upgrading from VeloDB Core v3.0.9, background rebooting warehouse is required to restore cluster permissions.
- Fixed the issue that reverse index query may get stuck.
- Fixed the issue where importing into Azure Blob Storage using the s3 protocol would import too many files.

## v4.0.0 (May 15, 2024)

New Features

- Supported multi-table materialized views (**MTMV**), transparent rewrite acceleration, automatic refresh, materialized views from external tables to internal tables, and direct query of materialized views. Based on this capability, materialized views can also be used for data warehouse hierarchical modeling, job scheduling, and data processing.
- Supported new **Variant** and **IP** data types, and improves a series of analytical functions, making it easier to store and analyze complex semi-structured data.
- Supported the ability to auto-increment columns, automatic partitioning, and centralized submission after accumulating batch requests on the server, which improves the efficiency of real-time writing of large-scale data.
- Supported high-speed reading interfaces based on **Arrow Flight**, which increases data transmission efficiency by **100 times**, making it easy to face data science and other forms of large-scale data reading scenarios.

Improvements

- Merged all features, improvements and bug fixes from [Apache Doris v2.1.0](https://doris.apache.org/docs/releasenotes/v2.1/release-2.1.0).
- Greatly improved the performance of blind out-of-the-box queries, achieving good performance without tuning, including further improvements in complex SQL query performance, achieving more than **100%** performance improvement on the **TPC-DS** 1TB test data set, and query performance is at the forefront of the industry.
- Greatly improved the performance of data lake analysis, with a performance improvement of **4 to 6 times** compared to **Trino** and **Spark**, respectively, and the introduction of multi-SQL dialect compatibility, making it easier for users to seamlessly switch from the original system to the VeloDB Cloud data warehouse.

