---
{
    "title": "Cookie Policy",
    "description": "Learn how VeloDB uses cookies, analytics, and tracking technologies to enhance your website experience and manage your privacy settings.",
}
---

# Cookie Policy

**Last modified on July 01, 2025**

 
Welcome to our website. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our site. By continuing to use our website, you agree with our use of cookies. Please read the following policy to understand how we use cookies and how you can manage them.

### What are Cookies?

Cookies are small text files sent by the website you visit to your computer or mobile device's browser. These files are used to store information about you, such as your preferred language or login status.

### What kind of cookies do you use and what do they do?

The following is a non-exhaustive but representative list of the cookies we may use:

| Cookie Group                  | Purpose                                                      | Services   |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
| Essential Cookies             | These cookies are necessary for the website to function properly and cannot be turned off in our systems. They are typically set only in response to your specific request, such as filling out forms or setting privacy preferences. | Sites only |
| Performance and Analytics Cookies             |  These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website, helping us improve its functionality and performance. All information is collected anonymously. | Sites only |
| Functionality Cookies    | These cookies enhance your experience by providing more personalized features, such as remembering your preferred language and region. | Sites only |

### What other anonymous identifiers do you use and what do they do?

* Google Analytics

     Certain of our Sites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics makes use of cookies to help VeloDB analyze how users use our Sites. The information generated by the cookies about your use of our Sites (including your IP address) and collected through Google Analytics (“Google Analytics Data”) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use the Google Analytics Data on behalf of VeloDB for the purpose of evaluating your use of Sites, compiling reports for VeloDB on our Sites and providing other services to VeloDB relating to the Sites activity and internet usage. Google may also use Google Analytics Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

    | Cookie | Purpose                       | Duration |
    | -------- | ------------------------------- | ---------- |
    | _ga    | Store and count pageviews     | 2 years  |
    | _gid   | Store and count pageviews| 24 hours |
    | _gat   | Used to throttle request rate | 1 minute |
  
  
* Microsoft Clarity

    Certain of our Sites also use Microsoft Clarity, a web analytics service provided by Microsoft Corporation. Microsoft Clarity makes use of cookies and similar tracking technologies to help VeloDB analyze how users interact with our Sites. The information generated by these technologies about your use of our Sites (including but not limited to session recordings, heatmaps, and user flow data) and collected through Microsoft Clarity ("Clarity Data") may be transmitted to and stored by Microsoft on servers in the United States or other regions. Microsoft will use the Clarity Data on behalf of VeloDB for the purpose of evaluating your use of Sites, compiling reports for VeloDB on user behavior, and providing other services to VeloDB relating to site activity and user engagement. Microsoft may also use Clarity Data collected to improve its own products and services.
  
    | Name  | Purpose| Duration |
    | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
    | _clck | Persist the Clarity User ID and preferences, unique to that site is attributed to the same user ID. | 1 year   |
    | CLID  | Identify the first-time Clarity saw this user on any site using Clarity.| 1 year   |
    | MR    | Indicate whether to refresh MUID. | 1 week   |
    | SM    | Used in synchronizing the MUID across Microsoft domains.| session  |

### Managing Cookies

Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies or receive a notification when a cookie is sent. For detailed instructions on adjusting your browser settings, please refer to your browser's help menu.

Please note that disabling cookies may impact certain features and services on our website.

### Cookie Retention Period

Most of the cookies we use are session cookies and will be deleted when you close your browser. The retention period of other cookies depends on their specific purpose.

### Updating the Cookie Policy

We may periodically update this Cookie Policy to reflect any changes in how we use cookies on our website. Please check this page regularly to stay informed about our latest policies.

If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.

Thank you for reading our Cookie Policy.

